Add OSH 1th of November 24 Outage (#166)
packit/status: content/issues/2024-11-01-osh-outage.md

---
title: "OpenScanHub outage"
date: "2024-11-01T08:00:00+01:00"
affected:
  - OpenScanHub
resolved: false
# resolvedWhen: "2024-10-01T11:30:00+02:00"
section: issue
severity: disrupted
---

OpenScanHub service is having an outage resulting in scans submitted by Packit being stuck in a `FREE` state.

> You can watch the status of the outage here: https://pagure.io/fedora-infrastructure/issue/12160.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can monitor the progress of resolving the underlying issue here: https://pagure.io/fedora-infrastructure/issue/12160.
```
